refactor(container-utils): Remove DeltaManagerProxyBase (#16875)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/sour-jobs-count.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
"@fluidframework/container-utils": minor
---

Remove DeltaManagerProxyBase

> `DeltaManagerProxyBase` was previously deprecated. It is no longer exported, and no replacement API is intended.

Reviewer: Can you include the minor version this was deprecated in? It really helps partners. I know we're confident there are no usages of this, but we need to get into the habit of including these details to help partners trace changes.

Author: Yeah, that's a good call. Will update.

Author: JK. You already got it. Github's view is so inconsistent... Thank you!!

> `DeltaManagerProxyBase` was previously deprecated. It is no longer exported, and no replacement API is intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DeltaManagerProxyBase` was deprecated in [version 2.0.0-internal.6.1.0](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/releases/tag/client_v2.0.0-internal.6.1.0). It is no longer exported, and no replacement API is intended.
```
